well howdy there internet people its
beau again spent quite a week hats I
mean a lots gone on let's run through
some of it let's run through some of it
let's talk about it talk about the USA
Today
there's Pentagon surveillance balloons
going up over Wisconsin I think Total
Information Awareness they're gonna be
documenting everything we don't worry
it's just an experiment now but these
balloons will go up and they will be
able to track everything if you go to a
labor meeting well they'll know because
they'll track your car intercept cell
phones intercept everything Total
Information Awareness straight out of
some dystopian novel it course had the
Walmart incident and it looks like
another one nowhere near as bad and
looks like nobody got hurt thankfully
you had the ice raids hundreds of people
disappeared it's gone just called their
kids come home to empty houses on the
first day of school
you gotta be real dedicated to your job
and do something like that to somebody
kids left at daycare cuz there was
nobody coming to pick them up
disappeared you had the guy who got
deported to Iraq he'd never been there
didn't speak Arabic type one diabetic
he's dead
he died I guess he was a Greek national
or that's where he grew up and then he
came to the u.s. lived pretty much his
whole life here but I guess his parents
were Iraqi so that's where they sent him
having never been there yeah the guy who
was alleged to have literally cracked a
child's skull for not removing his hat
during the national anthem you know to
me the first time I saw they get
mentioned was in the comments section
and that that's a that's a idiom down
here crack a skull I thought somebody
got punched I didn't know somebody hit
it literally cracked a child's skull
over a song then you had a guy just got
caught outside of the organization space
for some immigration activists wearing I
think nitrile gloves had a knife firearm
whole nine yards there's a photo of him
standing by his truck it's got a big
Trump a mural on the tailgate and he's
standing there given the okay sign see I
actually remember when that was just a
joke that started for real that started
as a way to troll Democrats troll
liberals own the libs
they meand it into existence though like
it was a joke in the beginning we can
get liberals to believe anything as part
of the white nationalist movement or
whatever that's how it started and then
it became part of it and see here's the
part about that I'm not sure people get
if you were part of that initial thing
where it was just a joke and you have
their own the libs yeah you are now
forever identified as a white
nationalist the Internet is forever
those photos of you they're forever and
you memed it into existence it's a real
thing now he stops being a joke well
actually long before but it stops being
a joke for certain when people start
dying and then this guy there's no
question about whether or not Trump's
rhetoric inspires violence now amongst
the brown shirts it's what these arms
shock troops that's his defense the guy
the guy who cracked this kids skull well
the commander-in-chief said it was okay
man
[Music]
imagine so paying so in love with an
idea of a symbol
that you start to hate the idea that
that symbol is supposed to represent all
in love with that symbol so much that
what it is supposed to represent means
nothing to you that you have fallen for
a cult of personality so strong you
would literally harm a child over song
over song and I don't care how patriotic
you are it's a song it is just a song
and every one of these incidents makes
that flag and that song mean less and
less
child it's coal literally cracked over
us all so here we are you know people
don't only say this is how it starts no
this isn't how it starts this is way
deep into it the face of tyranny is
always mild at first it's not mild
anymore it's not mild anymore people are
dying people are dying children are
having their skulls cracked children are
coming home to empty houses the parents
non-persons
we keep heading down this road and we're
making winds and the tide is turning but
as that tide turns everybody needs to be
real careful because I have a very
strong feeling that those that the tide
is turning against well like most people
caught in a tide they're gonna thrash
violently
just need to be aware of what's going on
around you especially if you are any
form of minority group any form if you
are a member of any demographic that is
not within 100 percent within the norm
and by norm I don't mean normal I mean
the norm the median the mode the average
if if you're not white and straight how
about that you really really need to be
aware of your surroundings this is gonna
get worse and as things start to
deteriorate in the economy and the
that's because that's what's bolstering
them right now
the followers they're people that belong
to this cult of personality that's
what's keeping them loyal as the economy
starts to falter and it will you're
gonna see them start to become
disillusioned and it's gonna make a more
violent
every step that we force the country to
take back away from the abyss that is
fascism these people are going to get
more and more violent you need to be
careful you need to be aware don't be
afraid be aware be careful keep your
eyes open because it's winning comes at
a cost sometimes winning comes at a cost
sometimes and it's gonna be the minority
groups that that's who's gonna be hit
what's guaranteed yeah I'll just be
careful anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good night